LGAT module pulled from most recent OpenPBTA repo (#116)
PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/molecular-subtyping-LGAT/README.md

### Inputs from data download

> * `pbta-histologies.tsv`: is used to subset samples according to [the criteria above](#inclusion-exclusion-criteria)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `histologies.tsv`: is used to subset samples according to [the criteria above](#inclusion-exclusion-criteria)
```

> * `pbta-snv-consensus-mutation.maf.tsv.gz`: from `snv-callers` module which gathers calls that are present in all 3 callers (strelka2,mutect2 and lancet) 
> * `pbta-snv-scavenged-hotspots.maf.tsv.gz`: from `hotspot-detection` module to gather calls that overlap MSKCC hotspots found in any caller (except if only vardict calls the site as variant, we remove these calls since we have a lot of calls unique to vardict which we consider as false positive as discussed [here](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/tree/master/analyses/snv-callers#snv-caller-comparison-analysis))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `snv-consensus-plus-hotspots.maf.tsv.gz`: from D3b workflow does a 2/4 consensus plus gather calls that overlap MSKCC hotspots found in any caller
```
